Add typeof function (#9012)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/general/ddl/data-types.rst

| timestamptz | timestamp with time zone |
+-------------+--------------------------+

.. NOTE::

>    To know the type of a value you can use the :ref:`PG_TYPEOF <pg_typeof>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :ref:`PG_TYPEOF <pg_typeof>` system function can be used to resolve the data type of any expression.
```
